Change the Right to Work check during QR check-in from non-blocking to blocking 
on database errors.

CONTEXT
In server/routes/staff.ts, the RTW check during QR code check-in (around line 994) 
is wrapped in a try/catch that logs a warning and lets the person through if the 
database query fails:

  } catch (rtwErr) {
    logger.warn('RTW check failed (non-blocking):', rtwErr);
  }

For a product sold on compliance and legal protection, silently allowing access when 
a safety check fails is not the right default. The correct behaviour is: if the RTW 
check cannot be completed due to a database error, deny entry with a clear message 
and log an error (not just a warning).

WHAT TO CHANGE

1. In server/routes/staff.ts, find the RTW check block (the try/catch around the 
   right_to_work query during check-in).

2. Change the catch block from:
     logger.warn('RTW check failed (non-blocking):', rtwErr);
   To:
     logger.error('RTW check failed — denying entry as precaution:', rtwErr);
     return res.status(503).json({
       success: false,
       reason: 'RTW_CHECK_FAILED',
       message: 'Entry temporarily unavailable: compliance check could not be completed. Please contact the site administrator.',
     });

3. This change means: if RTW check DB query fails, entry is denied with a 503. 
   The person is told to contact the site admin. The error is logged at ERROR level 
   (not warn) so it appears in monitoring.

4. Do not change the happy path (RTW check passes or expired RTW blocks) — only 
   the error handling branch.

5. Update the cron health log (if Prompt 1 has been implemented) to also record 
   when RTW check errors occur. If Prompt 1 has not been implemented yet, just 
   ensure the error is logged clearly enough to be visible in the application logs.

Note: this is a deliberate security/compliance decision — fail-closed is safer than 
fail-open for an access control product. The 503 response is correct because the 
service is temporarily unable to complete the check, not because the person is 
definitively blocked.